So let's see how you can mix these two shows that we have added so it's not going to it like everything
from here.
And then when I click on the lecture imbue sorry eddied and the comments well when.
And Sean Spicer underscore these play Sabin's.
And again I'm going to pick up these prize Ambrose
and we're going to use these feel the same feel for race here.
We're going to use a lot of the code that we have here.
So for example we are only running this function if there is how you come so why don't I steal the code
for you.
So we kept.
There is a sale price on these but then we're going to have an invariable regular on the price.
So it's going to be the regular price without any discounts.
And we're going to have trouble.
And we're going to read.
They get regular price.
So these would rate on the regular price for example in this case going out at all 50 and what are going
to Yves their regular price is bigger than $100.
That means that when you went to these these you see the dollars.
So for example if the price is to $200 and we are selling they broke at $100.
We want to bring in say $100 because that that's more meaningful for the user.
Saving $100 than saving 50 percent.
So in this case what when bring the section on the top.
So we're going to copy these in page right here.
And then going to the comments
something like this.
And then if the price is lower than $100 what is going on these
remove these.
And you can see that we are thrown in the prices right here in case that we will have that surprise.
We need to retune the price anyway.
It's all on price right here.
And yet I hear a cop in the field there about didn't change the function so we're going to change these
and say this and reload.
So now you can see for example if we have our brother $50 and the best pitcher price is $10 is $10 we're
printing say 3 percent.
So we're going to click here on every product and we're going to change the price.
Scroll to the bottom.
You don't want to add one hundred and fifty dollars and let's sell price of 60 sort of one of these
and reload and now you can see say $90 was working perfect.
So we're going to click on shop and for example you can see that we have saved $90.
And this one we have say only 9 percent that's working exactly as we're looking for.
This is going to be really helpful in your story that Bill being one for your business to tell the users
that they are going to display something significant for them so they continue working in the next video
improving these Web site.